Detail quota-related issues in container-registry-troubleshoot.md. (#2070)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/user/container-registry-troubleshoot.md

To troubleshoot potential network issues, refer to [Troubleshoot network issues with registry](/azure/container-registry/container-registry-troubleshoot-access)

> To troubleshoot quota-related issues, refer to the text below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot quota-related issues, see the following information.
```

There are three cases in which you might encounter quota-related issues with ACR on Azure Stack Hub:

> 1. When your number of container registries has exceeded the quota set by your Azure Stack Hub operator
> 2. When the size of one (or more) of your container registries has exceeded the quota set by your Azure Stack Hub operator
> 3. When the storage capacity of your Azure Stack Hub stamp has been exceeded

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When your number of container registries has exceeded the quota set by your Azure Stack Hub operator
- When the size of one (or more) of your container registries has exceeded the quota set by your Azure Stack Hub operator
- When the storage capacity of your Azure Stack Hub stamp has been exceeded
```
